Control fire about 

	Control Fire Systems Ltd. has been an international special hazard fire suppression equipment supply and service company since 1975 and owned by Lynx Equity Limited. Authorized distributors for Notifier, Kidde Fire Systems, FireFlex, Minimax & FireAway fire systems. UL, ULC & FM listed clean agent refill facility and Halon 1301 recycle center.

	Control Fire Systems Ltd's Published Warranties and Returns. To the original Purchaser of all fire systems and devices from Control Fire Systems Ltd: CFS assigns to the purchaser any warranty extended by the manufacturer of such products against manufacture defective materials and is limited to its replacement only. Any equipment found to be defective during the Warranty Period will be replaced free of charge upon the prepaid return of the defective part. Installation and labour is warrantied for a period of (12) months providing these three criteria are met. All manufacturers recommended maintenance instructions have been followed, a maintenance contract with CFS is in place and customers account is in good standing. Control Fire Systems Ltd. assumes no Liability for the failure of any system, or liabilities due to maintenance neglect or damage. By ordering the, PURCHASER agrees to and shall forever indemnify and save harmless the SUPPLIER (Control Fire Systems Ltd.) its owners, employees and agents, for and against all third party claims, lawsuits, (injuries or deaths) and losses alleged to be caused by the improper operation, installation or failure of the products supplied under the purchase Agreement.

	Lynx Equity Limited is a Canadian-based manager of private equity funds. Lynx Equity seeks to pursue investments in mid- market companies with the goal of building value through opportunistic acquisitions, strategic leadership and the timely use of financial expertise. Lynx Equity blends a proven track record in identifying and building value in a diversified portfolio of companies based primarily in Ontario, Canada with a market niche that allows us to structure the most favourable transactions. Please visit Lynx Equity's web site at https://www.lynxequity.com


Fire Protect Systems about

	ABOUT US
	Due to exponential growth and to ensure our existing and future clients are routinely serviced “Fire Protect Systems” was established to specialize in the ongoing servicing of fire protection systems. FPS focuses on providing a more holistic service in testing, maintenance and upgrades thus ensuring peace of mind for existing and future clients.

	With more than 50 years of industry experience, our team comprises designers, installers, project managers and communication experts. Combined with our proven skills and knowledge base we provide more efficient and effective solutions to ensure your property and business are fully compliant with the required regulatory bodies, your staff and personnel are suitably protected.


Electroquip About Us

	Our Executive TeamArun Gulati: Managing Partner

	Arun Gulati is the Founder & Managing partner of Electroquip with 40+ years in the Electronics and Technology Industry. He has deep exposure to Fire Alarm, Security and Avionics businesses in India, having successfully founded and run these for the past 4 decades.
	An Electronics Engineer from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore and M.Tech USA, he brings a vast understanding of both, business technicals and financials to the Company.
	Arun can be reached at agulati@electroquip.in

	Diya Garg: Partner & Chief Operating Officer

	Diya Garg has over 16 years of Global experience in blue-chip companies viz. Coca-Cola, Johnson & Johnson, Nokia and Levi Strauss. Her skill sets include Commercial Planning, Supply Chain & Strategy.
	Diya holds a B.Sc Electronics degree from Delhi University and MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, specializing in Finance and Strategy. She is Green Belt (six sigma) certified.
	Diya can be reached at dgarg@electroquip.in

	SK Sharma: General Manager

	SK Sharma is an M.Com. with 25+ years’ experience in the Fire Alarm business. This includes 10 years in Accountancy & 15 years in Marketing. He is responsible for overall execution of the Company’s projects.
	SK Sharma can be reached at sksharma@electroquip.in


I tried to write:

	System Fire Protection (SFP) was established in April 2015. The company has been established with proven management team that has over 25 years of experience in the fire protection Industry.
	As the name suggests FPS specialises in design, install, commission and services of fire protection systems. It is our intent to supply the best possible service in ensuring our projects are completed on budget and on time. Our specialised team from management, designers to tradespeople ensures the project runs with minimum of fuss. Our ability to deliver a complete package in fire protection and prevention including fire alarms, fire extinguishers, hose reels, fire doors and other services sets us apart from other companies. The minor works and contracts arm of FPS ensures no project is too small or too large.

    FPS has completed minor and major projects in large shopping centres, high rise residential and commercial buildings, nursing homes and major distribution warehouses. (see completed projects). FPS has branched out into many regional parts of NSW. Our projects have ranged from Coffs Harbour to Wagga Wagga. From Orange to Canberra. FPS has covered these major regional centres as well as quite remote areas as well. FPS has completed projects in other states namely Queensland and Victoria. FPS has carried out and completed numerous projects in parts of Brisbane and regional Queensland. FPS has s strong presence in all parts of Queensland.

    Our committed team will ensure projects will be achieved on time, on budget and with quality that will not be surpassed.